i thank whatever gods may be
for my uncomfortable soul
i am the master of my fate
i am the captain of myself
[Music]
today president mandela takes office in
pretoria
balancing black aspirations with white
fears
remember this day boys this is a day our
country went to the dogs
brothers sisters this is the time to
build our nation
all of the whites are cheering for south
africa
all of the blacks are cheering for
england
how long before the world comes don't
get your hopes up
with a damn disgrace
i've been invited to tea with
how do we inspire ourselves to greatness
where nothing less will do
how do we inspire everyone around us
what do you want i think he wants us to
win the world cup
this rugby is a political calculation
it is a human calculation
according to the we'll reach the
quarterfinals end
no further according to the experts
you and i should still be in jail
storms change
and we need to change as well
will you become more than just arriving
did you even imagine this how could i
[Music]
do you here listen to your country this
is it this is our destiny
i was thinking about how you spent 30
years in authority
and come out ready to forgive the people
who put you
i am the master of my faith
i am the captain of my soul
[Music]
um